com/example/track/databinding/ActivityConfiguracoesBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityConfiguracoesBinding
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/track/Creditos.java
 com.example.track.Creditos
com/example/track/MainActivity.java
 com.example.track.MainActivity
com/example/track/CordenadaDao.java
 com.example.track.CordenadaDao
com/example/track/Cordenadas_ll.java
 com.example.track.Cordenadas_ll
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityLogBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityLogBinding
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityHistoricoBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityHistoricoBinding
com/example/track/Log.java
 com.example.track.Log
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityCreditosBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityCreditosBinding
com/example/track/cGnssView.java
 com.example.track.cGnssView
com/example/track/Conexao.java
 com.example.track.Conexao
com/example/track/Historico.java
 com.example.track.Historico
 com.example.track.Historico$1
com/example/track/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.track.BuildConfig
com/example/track/Gnss.java
 com.example.track.Gnss
 com.example.track.Gnss$GnssStatusCallback
com/example/track/Apresentacao.java
 com.example.track.Apresentacao
 com.example.track.Apresentacao$1
com/example/track/Home.java
 com.example.track.Home
 com.example.track.Home$1
 com.example.track.Home$2
 com.example.track.Home$3
 com.example.track.Home$4
 com.example.track.Home$5
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityApresentacaoBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityApresentacaoBinding
com/example/track/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.track.MapsActivity
 com.example.track.MapsActivity$1
 com.example.track.MapsActivity$2
com/example/track/Configuracoes.java
 com.example.track.Configuracoes
 com.example.track.Configuracoes$1
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityGnssBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityGnssBinding
com/example/track/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.track.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
